# Reading-list
list of things to read and watch

# ASK HN Best CS papers of 2017 
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16035402

# Machine Learning Cheatsheets
https://startupsventurecapital.com/essential-cheat-sheets-for-machine-learning-and-deep-learning-researchers-efb6a8ebd2e5

# Homotopy Type Theory and Higher Inductive Types
http://www.science4all.org/article/homotopy-type-theory/

## Homotopy Type Theory and the Univalence Axiom
https://math.uchicago.edu/~may/REU2015/REUPapers/Macor.pdf

## Algebraic Subtyping
https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~sd601/thesis.pdf

# Effective Programs - 10 Years of Clojure - Rich Hickey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2V1FtfBDsLU

# On The Turing Completeness of PowerPoint 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNjxe8ShM-8

# Compiling C to printable x86, to make an executable research paper 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LA_DrBwkiJA

# HDR Photography in Microsoft Excel?! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkQJdaGGVM8

# Zebras All the Way Down 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fE2KDzZaxvE

# Solving Layout Problems with CSS Grid and Friends 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XkzpgWoYEI

# Console Security - Switch 
https://media.ccc.de/v/34c3-8941-console_security_-_switch

# Let's move SMM out of firmware and into the kernel 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GEaw4msq6g

# Bringing Linux back to server boot ROMs with NERF and Heads 
https://media.ccc.de/v/34c3-9056-bringing_linux_back_to_serv...

# Sharing the Chisel 
https://youtu.be/2C8F7GBRluY?t=11m31s

# Making Impossible States Impossible" by Richard Feldman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcgmSRJHu_8


# Matt Might's Codemesh 2017 keynote: "Winning the War on Error: Solving Halting Problem, Curing Cancer"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVkHgKCqAcI

# About the application of Lisp on quantum hardware.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9vRcSAneiw

# Breaking the x86 Instruction Set
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrksBdWcZgQ

# LAMBDA Functions: Powerful And Elegant Abstractions 
https://youtu.be/OLH3L285EiY

# DIY human gene therapy with CRISPR
http://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/diy-human-gene-therapy-with-crispr/

# A deep dive into Bitcoin Core v0.15 
http://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/gmaxwell-2017-08-28-deep-dive-bitcoin-core-v0.15/

# Advances in block propagation
http://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/gmaxwell-2017-11-27-advances-in-block-propagation/

# Discreet log contracts
http://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/discreet-log-contracts/

# Signature aggregation
http://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/bitcoin-core-dev-tech/2017-09-06-signature-aggregation/

# Programmable organoids 
http://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/hgp-write/2017-05-09/organoids/

# Ultra-safe cell line 
http://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/hgp-write/2017-05-09/ultrasafe-cell-line/

# New address type for segwit addresses 
http://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/sf-bitcoin-meetup/2017-03-29-new-address-type-for-segwit-addresses/

# Bram Cohen on merkle sets and memory management 
http://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/sf-bitcoin-meetup/2017-07-08-bram-cohen-merkle-sets/

# Making humans a multiplanetary species
http://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/spacex/elon-musk-making-humans-a-multiplanetary-species/
